For these simulation studies, I exchanged the format of INH TAU SV and TAU  INH SV a few times.
I used tail -n +2 >> to combine replicate studies and remove the header.
I manually added the header back to TSV files.
If you try to run your own simulation studies, be aware of this TAU INH SV mix up above.

FIXED
  10,000 replicates (spread out as 100 replicates across 100 cores)
  50 bootstraps (for each replicate)
  5000 diploids

COLUMNS
  TRUE: the true selection coefficient
  INITEST: the initial estimate of selection coefficient
  CORREST: parameter bootstrap bias-corrected selection coefficient
  CORRLOW: lower bound of 95% confidence interval estimate (symmetric)
  CORRUPP: upper bound of 95% confidence interval estimate
  P0: allele frequency p(0)
    Default is 0.5
  NE: demographic model
    Default is bottleneck
  INH: Mendelian inheritance model
    Default is multiplicative ('m')
  TAU: backward time at which sweep ended
    Default is 0 (ongoing sweep)
  SV: standing variation at which sweep began
    Default is 0 (de novo sweep)
  CM: threshold for cM IBD calls
    Default is 3.0

I study perturbations of parameters while holding other values fixed.
Usually misestimated or misspecified is given prefix mis in file names.

PERTURBATIONS
  S: selection coefficient
    0.02,0.03,0.04
  P0: allele frequency p(0)
    0.15,0.25,0.5,0.75
  NE: demographic model
    constant 100k, bottleneck, three phases of exponential growth
    bottleneck fit by constant 100k, three phased of exponential growth (strong model misspecification)
    bottleneck fit by uniform scaling of 0.8,0.9,1.1,1.2 (moderate model misspecification)
    bottleneck fit by IBDNe like bootstraps (weak model misspecification)
  INH: Mendelian inheritance model
    Multiplicative ('m'), additive ('a'), dominance ('d'), recessive ('r')
    'm' and 'a' very similar for selection coefficients of interest
    'd' dominance fit by 'm','a','r'
    'm' multiplicative fit by 'a','d','r'
  TAU: backward time at which sweep ended
    0,10,20,50,100
  SV: standing variation at which sweep began
    0,0.01,0.02,0.05,0.10
  CM: threshold for cM IBD calls
    1.0,2.0,3.0,4.0
    Increased 5000 to 10000 diploids to see if 4.0 cM results due to few IBD calls
  ALPHACONF: value for confidence interval estimates
    XX% - 0.80,0.90,0.95,0.99
    ALPHA - 0.10,0.05,0.025,0.005

There is a study on immunity-like genes under positive selection.
Summarizing the results for this setting requires a custom script.

  These sims are based on:

    Klunk, Jennifer, Tauras P. Vilgalys, Christian E. Demeure, Xiaoheng Cheng, Mari Shiratori, Julien Madej, Rémi Beau, et al. 2022. “Evolution of Immune Genes Is Associated with the Black Death.” Nature 611 (7935): 312–19.

    Nédélec, Yohann, Joaquín Sanz, Golshid Baharian, Zachary A. Szpiech, Alain Pacis, Anne Dumaine, Jean-Christophe Grenier, et al. 2016. “Genetic Ancestry and Natural Selection Drive Population Differences in Immune Responses to Pathogens.” Cell 167 (3): 657–69.e21.

  The second paper has been scrutinized:

    Barton, Alison R., Cindy G. Santander, Pontus Skoglund, Ida Moltke, David Reich, and Iain Mathieson. 2023. “Insufficient Evidence for Natural Selection Associated with the Black Death.” bioRxiv. https://doi.org/10.1101/2023.03.14.532615.
